kanboard: init at 1.2.42 (#357229)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2505.section.md

<!-- To avoid merge conflicts, consider adding your item at an arbitrary place in the list instead. -->

> - [KanBoard](https://github.com/kanboard/kanboard) is project management software that focuses on the Kanban methodology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [KanBoard](https://github.com/kanboard/kanboard), a project management tool that focuses on the Kanban methodology. Available as [services.kanboard](#opt-services.kanboard.enable).
```
